# CS340-Project-2
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
Writing programs with many comments, easily readable and simple help keep the program maintainable, readable, and adaptable. From project one, the program has comments throughout, and utilized the simplest solutions. The advantages of programming this way made making changes in later assignments a lot easier. This program could be modified and used to connect to other databases in the future if needed. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
As a computer scientist, approaching problems includes figuring out how extensive the problem is, designing a solution for solving said problem, and finally creating the solution to the problem. My approach for completing this assingment was different than other courses. For this project I had to figure out a visually appealing design, while also completing the back end necessary for the database connections. All the techniques utilized while finishing the assignment can benefit me in the future. Connecting a database to the front end and ensuring that the code is simple, and maintainable can aid me in many ways. 

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists design, develop, and analyze software. This matters as it helps various companies connect to their clients with their software. Helping a company like Grazioso Salvare create a website where they are able to find rescues that they can train for various tasks helps them accomplish their goal of being an innovative international rescue-animal training company. This software makes it easy for them to find the correct rescue animals. 
